cloud: add the cloud organization sso doc (#13369)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-org-sso-authentication.md

---
title: Organization SSO Authentication
summary: Learn how to log in to the TiDB Cloud console via your customized organization authentication.
---

# Organization SSO Authentication

Single Sign-On (SSO) is an authentication scheme that allows members in your TiDB Cloud [organization](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md#organization) to log into TiDB Cloud with identities from an identity providers (IdP) instead of emails and passwords.

TiDB Cloud supports the following two types of SSO authentication:

- [Basic SSO](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-org-sso-authentication.md): members can log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) using their GitHub, Google, or Microsoft authentication methods. The basic SSO is enabled by default for all organizations in TiDB Cloud.

- Cloud Organization SSO: members can log in to a custom login page of TiDB Cloud using the authentication methods specified by your organization. The Cloud Organization SSO is disabled by default.

> Compared with Basic SSO, Cloud Organization SSO provides more flexibility and customization so you can better meet your organization's security and compliance requirements. For example, you can specify which authentication methods are displayed on the login page, limit which email address domains are allowed for login, and let your members to log into TiDB Cloud with your identity provider (IdP) that uses OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity protocols.

Author: ```suggestion
Compared with basic SSO, Cloud Organization SSO provides more flexibility and customization so you can better meet your organization's security and compliance requirements. For example, you can specify which authentication methods are displayed on the login page, limit which email address domains are allowed for login, and let your members to log into TiDB Cloud with your identity provider (IdP) that uses OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity protocols.
```

> Comparing with Basic SSO, Cloud Organization SSO provides more flexibility and customization so you can better meet your organization's security and compliance requirements. For example, you can specify which authentication methods are displayed on the login page, limit which email address domains are allowed for login, and let your members to log into TiDB Cloud with your identity provider (IdP) that uses OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity protocols.

Author: ```suggestion
Compared with Basic SSO, Cloud Organization SSO provides more flexibility and customization so you can better meet your organization's security and compliance requirements. For example, you can specify which authentication methods are displayed on the login page, limit which email address domains are allowed for login, and let your members to log into TiDB Cloud with your identity provider (IdP) that uses OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity protocols.
```

Auto-provision is a feature that allows members to automatically join an organization without requiring an invitation from an existing member or organization owner. In TiDB Cloud, it is disabled by default for all the supported authentication methods.

- When auto-provision is disabled for an authentication method, only users who have been invited by an organization owner can log in to your custom URL.
- When auto-provision is enabled for an authentication method, any users using this authentication method can log in to your custom URL. After login, they are assigned a default `member` role within the organization.

For security consideration, if you choose to enable auto-provision, it is recommended to limit the allowed email domains for authentication when you [configure the authentication method details](#step-2-configure-authentication-methods).

### Notify your members about the Cloud Organization SSO migration plan

Before enabling Cloud Organization SSO, make sure to communicate your members about the following:

- The custom login URL
- The time when to start using the custom login URL instead of `https://tidbcloud.com` for login
- The available authentication methods

> - Whether members needs invitation to log in to the custom URL

Author: ```suggestion
- Whether members need invitations to log in to the custom URL
```

To ensure the success migration from basic SSO or organization SSO, make sure that at least one Organization Owner belongs exclusively to the TiDB Cloud organization to be migrated.

If all organization Owners belong to multiple organizations, the migration will fail, and you will get the `Cloud Organization SSO cannot be enabled` error.

## Step 1. Enable Cloud Organization SSO

To enable Cloud Organization SSO:

1. Log in to [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) as a user with the organization owner role.
2. In the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console, click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> > **Organization Settings**.
3. On the **Organization Settings** page, click the **Authentication** tab, and then click **Enable**.
4. In the dialog, fill in the custom URL for your organization, which must be unique in TiDB Cloud.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > The URL cannot be changed once Cloud Organization SSO is enabled. Members in your organization will only be able to log into TiDB Cloud using your custom URL. If you need to change the configured URL later, contact TiDB Cloud Support for assistance.

> 5. If the dialog includes a list of users to be re-invited and re-join the organization once Cloud organization SSO is enabled, check the list and learn the impact. You will need to re-invite them after the enablement.

Author: ```suggestion
5. If the dialog includes a list of users to be re-invited and re-join the organization once Cloud organization SSO is enabled, take note of the list. You will need to re-invite them after the enablement.
```

    - **Allowed Email Domains**

        After this field is configured, only the specified email domains of this authentication method can log into the custom URL the TiDB Cloud. When you fill in domain names, you need to exclude the @ symbol and separate them with commas. For example, `pingcap.com,tikv.com`.

        > **Note:**
        >
        > If you have configured domain names, before confirming the settings, make sure that you add the email domain that you use to sign in, to avoid that you are locked out by TiDB Cloud.

5. Click **Save**.

## Step 3. Invite your organization members

If auto-provision is not enabled, you need to re-invite your organization members according to the email list you get in [Step 1. Enable Cloud Organization SSO](#step-1-enable-cloud-organization-sso).

To invite a member, take the following steps:

1. On the **Organization Settings** page, click the **User Management** tab, and then select **By All Users**.
2. Click **Invite**.
3. Enter the email address of the member to be invited, select a role, and then choose a project for the user.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > For a member who has the organization owner, billing admin, or audit Admin role before the migration, you need to re-grant the corresponding roles the member again.

Author: ```suggestion
    > For a member who has the organization owner, billing admin, or audit Admin role before the migration, you need to re-grant the corresponding role to the member again.
```

---
title: Organization SSO Authentication
summary: Learn how to log in to the TiDB Cloud console via your customized organization authentication.
---

# Organization SSO Authentication

> Single Sign-On (SSO) is an authentication scheme that enables members in your TiDB Cloud [organization](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md#organization) to log into TiDB Cloud using identities from an identity provider (IdP) instead of email addresses and passwords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single Sign-On (SSO) is an authentication scheme that enables members in your TiDB Cloud [organization](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md#organization) to log in to TiDB Cloud using identities from an identity provider (IdP) instead of email addresses and passwords.
```

TiDB Cloud supports the following two types of SSO authentication:

- [Basic SSO](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-org-sso-authentication.md): members can log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) using their GitHub, Google, or Microsoft authentication methods. The basic SSO is enabled by default for all organizations in TiDB Cloud.

- Cloud Organization SSO: members can log in to a custom login page of TiDB Cloud using the authentication methods specified by your organization. The Cloud Organization SSO is disabled by default.

> Compared with basic SSO, Cloud Organization SSO provides more flexibility and customization so you can better meet your organization's security and compliance requirements. For example, you can specify which authentication methods are displayed on the login page, limit which email address domains are allowed for login, and let your members log into TiDB Cloud with your identity provider (IdP) that uses the [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](https://openid.net/connect/) identity protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared with basic SSO, Cloud Organization SSO provides more flexibility and customization so you can better meet your organization's security and compliance requirements. For example, you can specify which authentication methods are displayed on the login page, limit which email address domains are allowed for login, and let your members log in to TiDB Cloud with your identity provider (IdP) that uses the [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](https://openid.net/connect/) identity protocol.
```

In this document, you will learn how to migrate the authentication scheme of your organization from basic SSO to Cloud Organization SSO.

> **Note:**
>
> - The Cloud Organization SSO feature is in beta and is only available upon request. To request this feature, click **?** in the lower-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) and click **Chat with Us**. Then, fill in "Apply for Cloud Organization SSO" in the **Description** field and click **Send**.
> - If your current TiDB login URL starts with `https://tidbcloud.com/enterprise/`, it means that Cloud Organization SSO is already enabled for your organization.

## Before you begin

Before migrating to Cloud Organization SSO, check and confirm the items in this section for your organization.

> **Note:**
>
> - Once Cloud Organization SSO is enabled, it cannot be disabled.
> - To enable Cloud Organization SSO, you need to have the owner role in your TiDB Cloud organization. For more information about roles, see [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).

### Decide a custom URL for the TiDB Cloud login page of your organization

> When Cloud Organization SSO is enabled, your members must use your custom URL instead of the public login URL (`https://tidbcloud.com`) to log into TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Cloud Organization SSO is enabled, your members must use your custom URL instead of the public login URL (`https://tidbcloud.com`) to log in to TiDB Cloud.
```

### Notify your members about the Cloud Organization SSO migration plan

Before enabling Cloud Organization SSO, make sure to inform your members about the following:

- The custom login URL of TiDB Cloud
- The time when to start using the custom login URL instead of `https://tidbcloud.com` for login
- The available authentication methods
- Whether members need invitations to log in to the custom URL

## Step 1. Enable Cloud Organization SSO

To enable Cloud Organization SSO, take the following steps:

1. Log in to [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) as a user with the organization owner role.
2. In the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console, click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> > **Organization Settings**.
3. On the **Organization Settings** page, click the **Authentication** tab, and then click **Enable**.
4. In the dialog, fill in the custom URL for your organization, which must be unique in TiDB Cloud.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > The URL cannot be changed once Cloud Organization SSO is enabled. Members in your organization will only be able to log into TiDB Cloud using your custom URL. If you need to change the configured URL later, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > The URL cannot be changed once Cloud Organization SSO is enabled. Members in your organization will only be able to log in to TiDB Cloud using your custom URL. If you need to change the configured URL later, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for assistance.
```

5. If the dialog includes a list of users to be re-invited and re-join the organization once Cloud Organization SSO is enabled, take note of the list. You will need to re-invite them after the enablement if auto-provision is disabled.
6. Click the **I understand and confirm** check box, and then click **Enable**.

## Step 2. Configure authentication methods

> Enabling an authentication method in TiDB Cloud allows members using that method to log into your custom URL of TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling an authentication method in TiDB Cloud allows members using that method to log in to TiDB Cloud using your custom URL.
```

2. For an enabled authentication method, you can click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 20H21M3.00003 20H4.67457C5.16376 20 5.40835 20 5.63852 19.9447C5.84259 19.8957 6.03768 19.8149 6.21663 19.7053C6.41846 19.5816 6.59141 19.4086 6.93732 19.0627L19.5001 6.49998C20.3285 5.67156 20.3285 4.32841 19.5001 3.49998C18.6716 2.67156 17.3285 2.67156 16.5001 3.49998L3.93729 16.0627C3.59139 16.4086 3.41843 16.5816 3.29475 16.7834C3.18509 16.9624 3.10428 17.1574 3.05529 17.3615C3.00003 17.5917 3.00003 17.8363 3.00003 18.3255V20Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> to configure the method details.
3. In the method details, you can configure the following:

    - [**Auto-provision Accounts**](#decide-whether-to-enable-auto-provision)

        It is disabled by default. You can enable it according to your need. For security considerations, if you choose to enable auto-provision, it is recommended to limit the allowed email domains for authentication.

    - **Allowed Email Domains**

>         After this field is configured, only the specified email domains of this authentication method can log into the custom URL of the TiDB Cloud. When filling in domain names, you need to exclude the `@` symbol and separate them with commas. For example, `company1.com,company2.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        After this field is configured, only the specified email domains of this authentication method can log in to TiDB Cloud using the custom URL. When filling in domain names, you need to exclude the `@` symbol and separate them with commas. For example, `company1.com,company2.com`.
```

4. In the method details, you can configure the following:

    - **Name**

        Specify a name for the OIDC authentication method to be displayed on your custom login page.

    - **Issuer URL**, **Client ID**, and **Client Secret**

        Paste the corresponding values that you get from your IdP.

    - [**Auto-provision Accounts**](#decide-whether-to-enable-auto-provision)

        It is disabled by default. You can enable it according to your need. For security considerations, if you choose to enable auto-provision, it is recommended to limit the allowed email domains for authentication.

    - **Allowed Email Domains**

>         After this field is configured, only the specified email domains of this authentication method can log into the custom URL of the TiDB Cloud. When filling in domain names, you need to exclude the `@` symbol and separate them with commas. For example, `company1.com,company2.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        After this field is configured, only the specified email domains of this authentication method can log in to TiDB Cloud using the custom URL. When filling in domain names, you need to exclude the `@` symbol and separate them with commas. For example, `company1.com,company2.com`.
```

- Cloud Organization SSO: members can log in to a custom login page of TiDB Cloud using the authentication methods specified by your organization. The Cloud Organization SSO is disabled by default.

Compared with basic SSO, Cloud Organization SSO provides more flexibility and customization so you can better meet your organization's security and compliance requirements. For example, you can specify which authentication methods are displayed on the login page, limit which email address domains are allowed for login, and let your members to log into TiDB Cloud with your identity provider (IdP) that uses OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity protocols.

In this document, you will learn how to migrate the authentication scheme of your organization from basic SSO to Cloud Organization SSO.

> **Note:**
>
>
> - Once Cloud Organization SSO is enabled, it cannot be disabled.
> - To enable Cloud Organization SSO, you need to have the owner role in your TiDB Cloud organization. For more information about roles, see [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).

> > - If your current TiDB login URL starts with `https://tidbcloud.com/enterprise/`, it means that Cloud Organization SSO is already enabled for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> - Once Cloud Organization SSO is enabled, it cannot be disabled.
> - To enable Cloud Organization SSO, you need to have the owner role in your TiDB Cloud organization. For more information about roles, see [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).
> - If your current TiDB login URL starts with `https://tidbcloud.com/enterprise/`, it means that Cloud Organization SSO is already enabled for your organization.
```

---
title: Organization SSO Authentication
summary: Learn how to log in to the TiDB Cloud console via your customized organization authentication.
---

# Organization SSO Authentication

Single Sign-On (SSO) is an authentication scheme that enables members in your TiDB Cloud [organization](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md#organization) to log into TiDB Cloud using identities from an identity provider (IdP) instead of email addresses and passwords.

TiDB Cloud supports the following two types of SSO authentication:

- [Basic SSO](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-org-sso-authentication.md): members can log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) using their GitHub, Google, or Microsoft authentication methods. The basic SSO is enabled by default for all organizations in TiDB Cloud.

- Cloud Organization SSO: members can log in to a custom login page of TiDB Cloud using the authentication methods specified by your organization. The Cloud Organization SSO is disabled by default.

> Compared with basic SSO, Cloud Organization SSO provides more flexibility and customization so you can better meet your organization's security and compliance requirements. For example, you can specify which authentication methods are displayed on the login page, limit which email address domains are allowed for login, and let your members log into TiDB Cloud with your identity provider (IdP) that uses [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](https://openid.net/connect/) identity protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
Compared with basic SSO, Cloud Organization SSO provides more flexibility and customization so you can better meet your organization's security and compliance requirements. For example, you can specify which authentication methods are displayed on the login page, limit which email address domains are allowed for login, and let your members log into TiDB Cloud with your identity provider (IdP) that uses the [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](https://openid.net/connect/) identity protocol.
```

In this document, you will learn how to migrate the authentication scheme of your organization from basic SSO to Cloud Organization SSO.

> **Note:**
>
> - The Cloud Organization SSO feature is in beta and is only available upon request. To request this feature, click **?** in the lower-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) and click **Chat with Us**. Then, fill in "Apply for Cloud Organization SSO" in the **Description** field and click **Send**.
> - If your current TiDB login URL starts with `https://tidbcloud.com/enterprise/`, it means that Cloud Organization SSO is already enabled for your organization.

## Before you begin

Before migrating to Cloud Organization SSO, check and confirm the items in this section for your organization.

> **Note:**
>
> - Once Cloud Organization SSO is enabled, it cannot be disabled.
> - To enable Cloud Organization SSO, you need to have the owner role in your TiDB Cloud organization. For more information about roles, see [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).

### Decide a custom URL for the TiDB Cloud login page of your organization

> When Cloud Organization SSO is enabled, your members must use your custom URL instead of the public login URL at `https://tidbcloud.com` to log into TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Cloud Organization SSO is enabled, your members must use your custom URL instead of the public login URL (`https://tidbcloud.com`) to log into TiDB Cloud.
```

The custom URL cannot be changed after the enablement, so you need to decide what URL to be used in advance.

The format of the custom URL is `https://tidbcloud.com/enterprise/signin/your-company-name`, in which you can customize your company name.

### Decide authentication methods for your organization members

TiDB Cloud provides the following authentication methods for Organization SSO.

- Google
- GitHub
- Microsoft
- OIDC

When you enable Cloud Organization SSO, the first three methods are enabled by default.

All the enabled authentication methods will be displayed on your custom TiDB Cloud login page, so you need to decide which authentication methods to be enabled or disabled in advance.

### Decide whether to enable auto-provision

Auto-provision is a feature that allows members to automatically join an organization without requiring an invitation from an existing member or organization owner. In TiDB Cloud, it is disabled by default for all the supported authentication methods.

- When auto-provision is disabled for an authentication method, only users who have been invited by an organization owner can log in to your custom URL.

> - When auto-provision is enabled for an authentication method, any users using this authentication method can log in to your custom URL. After login, they are assigned a default `member` role within the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When auto-provision is enabled for an authentication method, any users using this authentication method can log in to your custom URL. After login, they are assigned a default **member** role within the organization.
```

For security considerations, if you choose to enable auto-provision, it is recommended to limit the allowed email domains for authentication when you [configure the authentication method details](#step-2-configure-authentication-methods).

### Notify your members about the Cloud Organization SSO migration plan

Before enabling Cloud Organization SSO, make sure to communicate with your members about the following:

> - The custom login URL

Author: ```suggestion
- The custom login URL of TiDB Cloud
```

- The time when to start using the custom login URL instead of `https://tidbcloud.com` for login
- The available authentication methods
- Whether members need invitations to log in to the custom URL

### Ensure that at least one organization owner belongs to no other TiDB Cloud organization

> To ensure the success migration from basic SSO or organization SSO, make sure that at least one organization owner belongs exclusively to the TiDB Cloud organization to be migrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the successful migration from basic SSO or organization SSO, make sure that at least one organization owner belongs exclusively to the TiDB Cloud organization to be migrated.
```

> If all organization owners belong to multiple organizations, the migration will fail, and you will get the `Cloud Organization SSO cannot be enabled` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all organization owners are members of multiple organizations, the migration will fail, and you will get the `Cloud Organization SSO cannot be enabled` error.
```

> If all organization owners are in multiple organizations, the migration will fail, and you will get the `Cloud Organization SSO cannot be enabled` error.

Author: ```suggestion
If all organization owners are in multiple organizations, the migration will fail, and you will get an error indicating that Cloud Organization SSO cannot be enabled.
```

> ### Ensure that at least one organization owner belongs to no other TiDB Cloud organization
> 
> To ensure the successful migration from basic SSO or organization SSO, make sure that at least one organization owner belongs exclusively to the TiDB Cloud organization to be migrated.
> 
> If all organization owners are in multiple organizations, the migration will fail, and you will get an error indicating that Cloud Organization SSO cannot be enabled.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Step 1. Enable Cloud Organization SSO

> To enable Cloud Organization SSO:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Cloud Organization SSO, perform the following steps:
```

1. Log in to [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) as a user with the organization owner role.
2. In the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console, click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> > **Organization Settings**.
3. On the **Organization Settings** page, click the **Authentication** tab, and then click **Enable**.
4. In the dialog, fill in the custom URL for your organization, which must be unique in TiDB Cloud.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > The URL cannot be changed once Cloud Organization SSO is enabled. Members in your organization will only be able to log into TiDB Cloud using your custom URL. If you need to change the configured URL later, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for assistance.

5. If the dialog includes a list of users to be re-invited and re-join the organization once Cloud organization SSO is enabled, take note of the list. You will need to re-invite them after the enablement if auto-provision is disabled.
6. Click the **I understand and confirm** check box, and then click **Enable**.

## Step 2. Configure authentication methods

> Enabling an authentication method in TiDB Cloud allows members to log in using that method. Members can use any enabled authentication method as long as they use the same email address across all enabled methods.

Author: ```suggestion
Enabling an authentication method in TiDB Cloud allows members using that method to log into your custom URL of TiDB Cloud.
```

After enabling Cloud Organization Cloud, you can configure Google, GitHub, or Microsoft authentication methods as follows:

1. On the **Organization Settings** page, enable or disable the Google, GitHub, or Microsoft authentication methods according to your need.
2. For an enabled authentication method, you can click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 20H21M3.00003 20H4.67457C5.16376 20 5.40835 20 5.63852 19.9447C5.84259 19.8957 6.03768 19.8149 6.21663 19.7053C6.41846 19.5816 6.59141 19.4086 6.93732 19.0627L19.5001 6.49998C20.3285 5.67156 20.3285 4.32841 19.5001 3.49998C18.6716 2.67156 17.3285 2.67156 16.5001 3.49998L3.93729 16.0627C3.59139 16.4086 3.41843 16.5816 3.29475 16.7834C3.18509 16.9624 3.10428 17.1574 3.05529 17.3615C3.00003 17.5917 3.00003 17.8363 3.00003 18.3255V20Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> to configure the method details.
3. In the method details, you can configure the following:

    - [**Auto-provision Accounts**](#decide-whether-to-enable-autoprovisioning)

>         It is disabled by default. You can enable it according to your need. For security considerations, if you choose to enable auto provisioning, it is recommended to limit the allowed email domains for authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
        It is disabled by default. You can enable it according to your need. For security considerations, if you choose to enable auto-provisioning, it is recommended to limit the allowed email domains for authentication.
```

    - **Allowed Email Domains**

>         After this field is configured, only the specified email domains of this authentication method can log into the custom URL of the TiDB Cloud. When filling in domain names, you need to exclude the @ symbol and separate them with commas. For example, `company1.com,company2.com`.

Author: ```suggestion
        After this field is configured, only the specified email domains of this authentication method can log into the custom URL of the TiDB Cloud. When filling in domain names, you need to exclude the `@` symbol and separate them with commas. For example, `company1.com,company2.com`.
```

        > **Note:**
        >
        > If you have configured email domains, before saving the settings, make sure that you add the email domain that you currently use for login, to avoid that you are locked out by TiDB Cloud.

4. Click **Save**.

### Configure the OIDC authentication method

> If you have an identity provider that uses OIDC identity protocols, you can enable the OIDC authentication method for TiDB Cloud login.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have an identity provider that uses the OIDC identity protocol, you can enable the OIDC authentication method for TiDB Cloud login.
```

In TiDB Cloud, the OIDC authentication method is disabled by default. After enabling Cloud Organization Cloud, you can enable and configure the OIDC authentication method as follows:

1. Get the following information from your identity provider for TiDB Cloud Organization SSO:

    - Issuer URL
    - Client ID
    - Client secret

> 2. On the **Organization Settings** page, enable the OIDC authentication methods.

Author: ```suggestion
2. On the **Organization Settings** page, enable the OIDC authentication method.
```

3. In the row of OIDC, click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 20H21M3.00003 20H4.67457C5.16376 20 5.40835 20 5.63852 19.9447C5.84259 19.8957 6.03768 19.8149 6.21663 19.7053C6.41846 19.5816 6.59141 19.4086 6.93732 19.0627L19.5001 6.49998C20.3285 5.67156 20.3285 4.32841 19.5001 3.49998C18.6716 2.67156 17.3285 2.67156 16.5001 3.49998L3.93729 16.0627C3.59139 16.4086 3.41843 16.5816 3.29475 16.7834C3.18509 16.9624 3.10428 17.1574 3.05529 17.3615C3.00003 17.5917 3.00003 17.8363 3.00003 18.3255V20Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> to configure the method details.
4. In the method details, you can configure the following:

    - **Name**

        Specify a name for the OIDC authentication method to be displayed on your custom login page.

    - **Issuer URL**, **Client ID**, and **Client Secret**

        Paste the corresponding values that you get from your IdP.

    - [**Auto-provision Accounts**](#decide-whether-to-enable-autoprovisioning)

>         It is disabled by default. You can enable it according to your need. For security considerations, if you choose to enable auto provisioning, it is recommended to limit the allowed email domains for authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
        It is disabled by default. You can enable it according to your need. For security considerations, if you choose to enable auto-provisioning, it is recommended to limit the allowed email domains for authentication.
```

    - **Allowed Email Domains**

>         After this field is configured, only the specified email domains of this authentication method can log into the custom URL of the TiDB Cloud. When filling in domain names, you need to exclude the @ symbol and separate them with commas. For example, `company1.com,company2.com`.

Author: ```suggestion
        After this field is configured, only the specified email domains of this authentication method can log into the custom URL of the TiDB Cloud. When filling in domain names, you need to exclude the `@` symbol and separate them with commas. For example, `company1.com,company2.com`.
```

        > **Note:**
        >
        > If you have configured email domains, before saving the settings, make sure that you add the email domain that you currently use for login, to avoid that you are locked out by TiDB Cloud.

5. Click **Save**.

## Step 3. Invite your organization members

> If auto-provision is enabled, users who log in to your custom URL are automatically granted the member role. You can change their roles according to the instructions in [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).

Author: ```suggestion
If auto-provision is enabled, users who log in to your custom URL are automatically granted the **Member** role. You can change their roles according to the instructions in [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).
```
